Add GPU Usage and Costs Overview dashboard (#23177)
DataDog/integrations-core: gpu_usage_and_costs/README.md

# GPU Usage and Costs

## Overview

The GPU Usage and Costs integration provides visibility into GPU compute spend across AWS, Azure, and GCP. Use it to monitor spend breakdowns by instance type and team, track pricing coverage, identify unused GPU capacity, and attribute costs.

> This integration works with Datadog [Cloud Cost Management][1] to surface GPU-specific cost data, enabling your teams to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration works with Datadog [Cloud Cost Management][1] to surface GPU-specific cost data. Use this integration to:
```
